Adding basic examples (#879)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-machines.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

> ## Basic example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic examples
```

> This example will list all machines on the instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists all machines on the instance:
```

```text

> octo.ext list-machines --server="https://MyOctopusServer" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey"

Reviewer 2: typo - `ext` instead of `exe`.

Can we not have the extension at all? It excludes linux users, and isn't really required for windows anyway

Author: Yeah, I can do that.

```

> This example will list all machines that are in the Test environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists all machines that are in the Test environment:
```

```text
octo list-machines --server="https://MyOctopusServer" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey" --environment="Test"
```

> This example will list all machines that are in the Development environment and the Production environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists all machines that are in the Development environment and the Production environment:
```

```text
octo list-machines --server="https://MyOctopusServer" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey" --environment="Development" --environment="Production"
```

> This example will list all machines that need a Calamari upgrade in space [Target - Hybrid](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-342)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists all machines that need a Calamari upgrade in space [Target - Hybrid](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-342):
```
